contributing.md, before:

## How to contribute

Puko Framework is originaly known as a simple template engine. 
But in spring 2016 i decide to add a MVC mechanism to it.
After A year of development and 5 project deployed with Puko Framework. 
I make it open source in GitHub to tell everyone the framework i build from scratch 
and to hear from you what the great part, what part are bad, and receive feedbacks
to make it better over time.

So basicly the project is divided into 2 part of projects.

**Starter Kit**

A project deployment ready template that contains assets, controller, configs, model 
and also Puko Comand Line Interface (PCLI).

**Code**

The framework itself that consists core of the feature of Puko Framework including.
```php
Puko Docs Comand (PDC)
Puko Templating Engine (PTE)
Puko Data Access (PDA)
Puko Authentication
Puko Exception handler (PEH)
Plugins
```

You can check a compete development history from this [link](https://github.com/Velliz/pukoframework/blob/master/changelog.md)

You can also check the on going feature from this [link](https://github.com/Velliz/pukoframework/blob/master/todo.md)

#### Code standard

For coding style and rules i use standard from CtyleCI. so it can done automaticly.

#### Contributing mechanism

Make a fork to project you want to contribute and make a pull request if you already done.
you can proposed new feature or help me with on going feature from this [link](https://github.com/Velliz/pukoframework/blob/master/todo.md).
I will review it and merge the changes as fast as posible.

#### Framework logo

<img src="https://github.com/Velliz/pukodocs/blob/gh-pages/icon/material/puko-material-200.png">

If you want to make the logo better you can contribute to by post [issues](https://github.com/Velliz/pukoframework/issues) 
about the logo.

Commit message:

update docs and esample in contributing

contributing.md, after:

## How to contribute

Puko Framework is originaly known as a simple template engine. 
But in spring 2016 i decide to add a MVC mechanism to it.
After A year of development and 5 project deployed with Puko Framework. 
I make it open source in GitHub to tell everyone the framework i build from scratch 
and to hear from you what the great part, what part are bad, and receive feedbacks
to make it better over time.

So basicly the project is divided into 2 part of projects.

**Starter Kit**

A project deployment ready template that contains assets, controller, configs, model 
and also Puko Comand Line Interface (PCLI).

**Code**

The framework itself that consists core of the feature of Puko Framework including.
```php
Puko Docs Comand (PDC)
Puko Templating Engine (PTE)
Puko Data Access (PDA)
Puko Authentication
Puko Exception handler (PEH)
Plugins
```

You can check a compete development history from this [link](https://github.com/Velliz/pukoframework/blob/master/changelog.md)

You can also check the on going feature from this [link](https://github.com/Velliz/pukoframework/blob/master/todo.md)

#### Code standard

For coding style and rules i use standard from CtyleCI. so it can done automaticly.

#### Contributing mechanism

**Contribute to code**

Make a fork to project you want to contribute and make a pull request if you already done.
you can proposed new feature or help me with on going feature from this [link](https://github.com/Velliz/pukoframework/blob/master/todo.md).
I will review it and merge the changes as fast as posible.

**Contribute to documentation**

Documentation was built with jekyll and hosted in the github page. 
If you want to contribute to write docs or translating the docs you can get from this [link](https://github.com/Velliz/pukodocs)

**Contribute to example projects**

If you want to contribute to provide sample app. Get the projects from this [link](https://github.com/Velliz/pukoexample)

#### Framework logo

<img src="https://github.com/Velliz/pukodocs/blob/gh-pages/icon/material/puko-material-200.png">

If you want to make the logo better you can contribute to by post [issues](https://github.com/Velliz/pukoframework/issues) 
about the logo.
